Step 1
    Make a group of 3-4 people (Note: Team members cannot be changed)
    Choose 3 topics (with the group agreement) related to the Company/Factory/Organization... with a minimum of 5 departments

Step 2
    Create the following items for your project in a Word document, put them on flash memory, and take it to class:
    Cover Page
    Introduction (Only 2 pages) with proper formatting
    If your project is Company/Organization/Factory... 
    Only 5 Departments, and add 2 paragraphs for each department (No HR and IT departments)
    After each department description, add the corresponding roles (only titles), ensuring each department has a minimum of four roles.
    If your project is a device in:
    Draw a general diagram/demo about how it works
    Explain different parts (min 2  paragraphs)
    Explain the hardware and software parts  (min 2  paragraphs)
    Explain the novelty of your device  (min 2  paragraphs)

Step 3
    Add  the following items to your Project:
    Add 20 different variables with different data types related to various departments.
    Initialize them with proper values.
    Bring the code at least on one laptop.
    Add 5 different constants with different data types related to various departments, and with reasonable usage.
    Note: Use meaningful names, and if necessary, use the "camelCase" or "Capitalized" approach for naming.

Step 4
    Add  the following items to your Project:
    Create 4 if (simple if), including logical operators
    Create 4 nested if (simple if), including logical operators
    Create 4 nested if-else (simple if), including logical operators (at least 4 if-else)
    Note: Use meaningful if/if-else structures, which represent your real-life scenario related to your project.

Step 5
    Add  the following items to your Project and bring to the class:
    Create a file related to your project.
    Add a minimum of 20 lines, and take the info from the user. In each line, you need to have 5 elements.
    Read the lines and print each line with the format of (Item name: Item Value), and add a line at the end of each line
    Keep the original file and perform the following action in the new version of the file:
    Add one new line to the beginning of the file
    Edit one item in a specific line by using seekg/seekp
    Add a line to the end of the file
    Perform error handeling by using: fail(), eof(), good()

Step 6
    Add  the following items to your Project and take them to the class on one of the team members' laptops:
    Create at least 6 classes with meaningful names and fill them with the following items:
    Create 2 for loops (Complicated body, not just single line or print) 
    Create 2 nested for loops 
    Create 2 while loops (Complicated body, not just single line or print)
    Create 2 do..while loops (you need to provide the reason why you chose do while rather than while)

Step 7
    Add  the following items to your Project and take them to the class on one of the team members' laptops:
    Create methods and distribute them to the classes created in Step 5 with meaningful names and fill them with the following items:
    Create 3 void methods (Complicated body, not just single line or print). You can add your if/else and looping here.
    Create 4 methods that take a minimum of 4 parameters and return a value. (Complicated body, not just a single line or print). You can add your if/else and looping here.
    Create 1 method that takes a minimum of 4 parameters and returns multiple values through an Object  (Complicated body, not just single line or print). You can add your if/else and looping here.
    Call some of the methods in the same class and some of them in different classes.
    Create one recursive method (with proper body, not printing numbers or ...)
    Use one example for a pointer and one for a reference variable (with a good reason why you do that for your project)
